Related work (#502)
HowTheyVote/epvotes: README.md

2. Run `ansible-playbook -i ansible/hosts --ask-vault-pass ansible/site.yml` to set up the Uberspace and deploy the application.
3. Run `ansible-playbook -i ansible/hosts --ask-vault-pass ansible/meilisearch.yml` to compile and configure the MeiliSearch search server. This may take some time and it’s *not* necessary to run this playbook on every deployment. 

## Related Work

* [**Parltrack**](https://github.com/parltrack/parltrack) is an open source project that improves access to information about legislative processes, including (but not limited to) vote results.

* [**abgeordnetenwatch.eu**](https://www.abgeordnetenwatch.de/eu/abstimmungen) is a German NGO that allows citizen to publicly ask questions elected representatives in the federal and state parliaments as well as the European Parliament questions. abgeordnetenwatch.eu also includes voting records for editorially selected votes in the European Parliament. Those are however limited to German MEPs.

> * [**VoteWatch Europe**](https://votewatch.eu) maintaince a database of vote results for the current and many past legislatures. Not all vote results are publicly accessible though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**VoteWatch Europe**](https://votewatch.eu) maintains a database of vote results for the current and many past legislatures. However, not all vote results are publicly accessible.
```
